README.md, before:

# directory-api
[Export Directory API service](https://www.directory.exportingisgreat.gov.uk/)

## Build status

[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/uktrade/directory-api/tree/master.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/uktrade/directory-api/tree/master)

## Requirements
[Docker >= 1.10](https://docs.docker.com/engine/installation/) 
[Docker Compose >= 1.8](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/)

## Local installation

    $ git clone https://github.com/uktrade/directory-api
    $ cd directory-api
    $ make

## Running with Docker
Requires all host environment variables to be set.

    $ make docker_run

### Run debug webserver in Docker
Provides defaults for all env vars but ``AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID`` and ``AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY``

    $ make docker_debug

### Run tests in Docker

    $ make docker_test

### Host environment variables for docker-compose
``.env`` files will be automatically created (with ``env_writer.py`` based on ``env.json`` and ``env-postgres.json``) by ``make docker_test``, based on host environment variables with ``DIRECTORY_`` prefix.

#### Web server and queue worker
| Host environment variable | Docker environment variable  |
| ------------- | ------------- |
| DIRECTORY_SQS_REGION_NAME | SQS_REGION_NAME |
| DIRECTORY_SQS_REGISTRATION_QUEUE_NAME | SQS_REGISTRATION_QUEUE_NAME |
| DIRECTORY_SQS_INVALID_REGISTRATION_QUEUE_NAME | SQS_INVALID_REGISTRATION_QUEUE_NAME |
| DIRECTORY_SQS_WAIT_TIME | SQS_WAIT_TIME |
| DIRECTORY_SQS_MAX_NUMBER_OF_MESSAGES | SQS_MAX_NUMBER_OF_MESSAGES |
| DIRECTORY_SQS_VISIBILITY_TIMEOUT | SQS_VISIBILITY_TIMEOUT |
| DIRECTORY_SECRET_KEY | SECRET_KEY |
| DIRECTORY_DATABASE_URL | DATABASE_URL |
| DIRECTORY_AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID | AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID |
| DIRECTORY_AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY | AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY |

#### Database
| Host environment variable | Docker environment variable  |
| ------------- | ------------- |
| DIRECTORY_POSTGRES_USER | POSTGRES_USER |
| DIRECTORY_POSTGRES_PASSWORD | POSTGRES_PASSWORD |
| DIRECTORY_POSTGRES_DB | POSTGRES_DB |

## Debugging

### Setup debug environment
Requires locally running PostgreSQL (e.g. [Postgres.app](http://postgresapp.com/) for the Mac)
    
    $ make debug

### Run debug webserver

    $ make debug_webserver

### Run debug queue worker
Requires ``AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID`` and ``AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY`` environment variables to be set

    $ make debug_queue_worker

### Run debug tests

    $ make debug_test


## Environment variables

| Environment variable | Default value | Description 
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- | ------------- |
| SQS_REGION_NAME | eu-west-1 | AWS region name |
| SQS_REGISTRATION_QUEUE_NAME | directory-enrollment | AWS SQS enrollment queue name  |
| SQS_INVALID_REGISTRATION_QUEUE_NAME | directory-enrollment-invalid | AWS SQS invalid messages queue name |
| SQS_WAIT_TIME | 20 (max value) | [AWS SQS Long Polling](docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSSimpleQueueService/latest/SQSDeveloperGuide/sqs-long-polling.html) - how long to wait for messages on a single boto API call |
| SQS_MAX_NUMBER_OF_MESSAGES | 10 (max value) | How many messages to receive on a single boto API call |
| SQS_VISIBILITY_TIMEOUT | 21600 (6 hours, max value is 43200) | Time after which retrieved but not deleted messages will return to the queue |
| SECRET_KEY | None | Django secret key |
| DATABASE_URL | None | Postgres database url |
| AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID | None | AWS access key ID |
| AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY | None | AWS secret access key |

## Architecture
Web server -> Amazon SQS Queue -> Queue worker -> Database

Web server and Queue worker use same Docker image with different ``CMD``, see [``docker-compose.yml``](https://github.com/uktrade/directory-api/blob/master/docker-compose.yml).

### Web server
1. Web server is started with gunicorn.
2. Receives POST request from [directory-ui](https://github.com/uktrade/directory-ui).
3. Request goes to [enrollment view](https://github.com/uktrade/directory-api/blob/master/enrollment/views.py).
4. If enrollment is valid, it is sent to Amazon SQS queue ``$SQS_REGISTRATION_QUEUE_NAME``. 

### Queue worker
1. Queue worker is started with django management command.
2. Retrieves messages (the maximum of ``$SQS_MAX_NUMBER_OF_MESSAGES``) from Amazon ``$SQS_REGISTRATION_QUEUE_NAME``.
    1. If there are no messages, it [long polls](docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSSimpleQueueService/latest/SQSDeveloperGuide/sqs-long-polling.html) for ``$SQS_WAIT_TIME``.
        1. It keeps making polling calls every ``$SQS_WAIT_TIME`` until messages are received.
    2. If messages were retrieved:
        1. If message body is valid enrollment, a new instance of ``enrollment.models.Enrollment`` is saved to the database.
            1. If message with same message ID was already saved (as SQS provides [at-least-once delivery](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSSimpleQueueService/latest/SQSDeveloperGuide/DistributedQueues.html)), it is skipped (unique constraint on ``enrollment.models.Enrollment.sqs_message_id``).
        2. Else it is send to ``$SQS_INVALID_REGISTRATION_QUEUE_NAME``.
3. If ``SIGTERM`` or ``SIGINT`` signal is received:
    1. If it happened at the start of long polling:
        1. If [``docker stop``](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/stop/) wait time (default is 10s) is less than ``$SQS_WAIT_TIME`` (default is 20s), docker will ``kill -9`` the worker process (which is OK).
    2. Else if it happened before making another polling call or during processing messages, it will exit gracefully.
        1. Processing of the current message will finish.
        2. Retrieved, but not deleted messages will reappear in the queue after ``$SQS_VISIBILITY_TIMEOUT``

Commit message:

Rename from enrollment to enrolment

README.md, after:

# directory-api
[Export Directory API service](https://www.directory.exportingisgreat.gov.uk/)

## Build status

[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/uktrade/directory-api/tree/master.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/uktrade/directory-api/tree/master)

## Requirements
[Docker >= 1.10](https://docs.docker.com/engine/installation/) 
[Docker Compose >= 1.8](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/)

## Local installation

    $ git clone https://github.com/uktrade/directory-api
    $ cd directory-api
    $ make

## Running with Docker
Requires all host environment variables to be set.

    $ make docker_run

### Run debug webserver in Docker
Provides defaults for all env vars but ``AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID`` and ``AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY``

    $ make docker_debug

### Run tests in Docker

    $ make docker_test

### Host environment variables for docker-compose
``.env`` files will be automatically created (with ``env_writer.py`` based on ``env.json`` and ``env-postgres.json``) by ``make docker_test``, based on host environment variables with ``DIRECTORY_`` prefix.

#### Web server and queue worker
| Host environment variable | Docker environment variable  |
| ------------- | ------------- |
| DIRECTORY_SQS_REGION_NAME | SQS_REGION_NAME |
| DIRECTORY_SQS_ENROLMENT_QUEUE_NAME | SQS_ENROLMENT_QUEUE_NAME |
| DIRECTORY_SQS_INVALID_ENROLMENT_QUEUE_NAME | SQS_INVALID_ENROLMENT_QUEUE_NAME |
| DIRECTORY_SQS_WAIT_TIME | SQS_WAIT_TIME |
| DIRECTORY_SQS_MAX_NUMBER_OF_MESSAGES | SQS_MAX_NUMBER_OF_MESSAGES |
| DIRECTORY_SQS_VISIBILITY_TIMEOUT | SQS_VISIBILITY_TIMEOUT |
| DIRECTORY_SECRET_KEY | SECRET_KEY |
| DIRECTORY_DATABASE_URL | DATABASE_URL |
| DIRECTORY_AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID | AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID |
| DIRECTORY_AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY | AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY |

#### Database
| Host environment variable | Docker environment variable  |
| ------------- | ------------- |
| DIRECTORY_POSTGRES_USER | POSTGRES_USER |
| DIRECTORY_POSTGRES_PASSWORD | POSTGRES_PASSWORD |
| DIRECTORY_POSTGRES_DB | POSTGRES_DB |

## Debugging

### Setup debug environment
Requires locally running PostgreSQL (e.g. [Postgres.app](http://postgresapp.com/) for the Mac)
    
    $ make debug

### Run debug webserver

    $ make debug_webserver

### Run debug queue worker
Requires ``AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID`` and ``AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY`` environment variables to be set

    $ make debug_queue_worker

### Run debug tests

    $ make debug_test


## Environment variables

| Environment variable | Default value | Description 
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- | ------------- |
| SQS_REGION_NAME | eu-west-1 | AWS region name |
| SQS_ENROLMENT_QUEUE_NAME | directory-enrolment | AWS SQS enrolment queue name  |
| SQS_INVALID_ENROLMENT_QUEUE_NAME | directory-enrolment-invalid | AWS SQS invalid messages queue name |
| SQS_WAIT_TIME | 20 (max value) | [AWS SQS Long Polling](docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSSimpleQueueService/latest/SQSDeveloperGuide/sqs-long-polling.html) - how long to wait for messages on a single boto API call |
| SQS_MAX_NUMBER_OF_MESSAGES | 10 (max value) | How many messages to receive on a single boto API call |
| SQS_VISIBILITY_TIMEOUT | 21600 (6 hours, max value is 43200) | Time after which retrieved but not deleted messages will return to the queue |
| SECRET_KEY | None | Django secret key |
| DATABASE_URL | None | Postgres database url |
| AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID | None | AWS access key ID |
| AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY | None | AWS secret access key |

## Architecture
Web server -> Amazon SQS Queue -> Queue worker -> Database

Web server and Queue worker use same Docker image with different ``CMD``, see [``docker-compose.yml``](https://github.com/uktrade/directory-api/blob/master/docker-compose.yml).

### Web server
1. Web server is started with gunicorn.
2. Receives POST request from [directory-ui](https://github.com/uktrade/directory-ui).
3. Request goes to [enrolment view](https://github.com/uktrade/directory-api/blob/master/enrolment/views.py).
4. If enrolment is valid, it is sent to Amazon SQS queue ``$SQS_ENROLMENT_QUEUE_NAME``. 

### Queue worker
1. Queue worker is started with django management command.
2. Retrieves messages (the maximum of ``$SQS_MAX_NUMBER_OF_MESSAGES``) from Amazon ``$SQS_ENROLMENT_QUEUE_NAME``.
    1. If there are no messages, it [long polls](docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSSimpleQueueService/latest/SQSDeveloperGuide/sqs-long-polling.html) for ``$SQS_WAIT_TIME``.
        1. It keeps making polling calls every ``$SQS_WAIT_TIME`` until messages are received.
    2. If messages were retrieved:
        1. If message body is valid enrolment, a new instance of ``enrolment.models.Enrolment`` is saved to the database.
            1. If message with same message ID was already saved (as SQS provides [at-least-once delivery](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSSimpleQueueService/latest/SQSDeveloperGuide/DistributedQueues.html)), it is skipped (unique constraint on ``enrolment.models.Enrolment.sqs_message_id``).
        2. Else it is send to ``$SQS_INVALID_ENROLMENT_QUEUE_NAME``.
3. If ``SIGTERM`` or ``SIGINT`` signal is received:
    1. If it happened at the start of long polling:
        1. If [``docker stop``](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/stop/) wait time (default is 10s) is less than ``$SQS_WAIT_TIME`` (default is 20s), docker will ``kill -9`` the worker process (which is OK).
    2. Else if it happened before making another polling call or during processing messages, it will exit gracefully.
        1. Processing of the current message will finish.
        2. Retrieved, but not deleted messages will reappear in the queue after ``$SQS_VISIBILITY_TIMEOUT``
