#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements_test.in
#
amqp==5.2.0
    # via kombu
arabic-reshaper==3.0.0
    # via xhtml2pdf
asgiref==3.7.2
    # via django
asn1crypto==1.5.1
    # via
    #   oscrypto
    #   pyhanko
    #   pyhanko-certvalidator
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via redis
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   pytest
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via directory-components
billiard==4.2.0
    # via celery
black==24.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.in
    #   blacken-docs
blacken-docs==1.13.0
    # via -r requirements_test.in
boto3==1.24.96
    # via -r requirements.in
botocore==1.27.96
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
celery[redis]==5.3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery
    #   django-celery-beat
certifi==2023.7.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   elasticsearch
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.16.0
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   black
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   pyhanko
click-didyoumean==0.3.0
    # via celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via celery
coverage[toml]==7.4.1
    # via
    #   coverage
    #   pytest-codecov
    #   pytest-cov
cron-descriptor==1.4.3
    # via django-celery-beat
cryptography==41.0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyhanko
    #   pyhanko-certvalidator
cssselect2==0.7.0
    # via svglib
dataclasses==0.6
    # via -r requirements_test.in
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via odfpy
deprecated==1.2.14
    # via -r requirements.in
diff-match-patch==20230430
    # via django-import-export
directory-client-core==7.2.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   directory-forms-api-client
    #   directory-sso-api-client
directory-components==40.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
directory-constants==24.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   directory-components
directory-forms-api-client==7.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
directory-healthcheck==3.3
    # via -r requirements.in
directory-sso-api-client==7.2.6
    # via -r requirements.in
directory-validators==9.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
dj-database-url==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django==4.2.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   directory-client-core
    #   directory-components
    #   directory-constants
    #   directory-healthcheck
    #   directory-validators
    #   dj-database-url
    #   django-celery-beat
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-filter
    #   django-health-check
    #   django-import-export
    #   django-redis
    #   django-staff-sso-client
    #   django-storages
    #   django-timezone-field
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   sigauth
django-celery-beat==2.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-cleanup==8.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-cte==1.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-environ==0.11.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-extensions==3.2.3
    # via -r requirements.in
django-field-history==0.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-filter==23.5
    # via -r requirements.in
django-flat-json-widget==0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-health-check==3.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   directory-healthcheck
django-import-export==3.3.6
    # via -r requirements.in
django-json-widget==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-redis==5.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-staff-sso-client==4.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-storages==1.13.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-timezone-field==6.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-celery-beat
djangorestframework==3.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   sigauth
docopt==0.6.2
    # via notifications-python-client
drf-spectacular==0.26.1
    # via -r requirements.in
elasticsearch==7.13.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
elasticsearch-dsl==7.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via openpyxl
factory-boy==2.12.0
    # via -r requirements.in
faker==22.6.0
    # via factory-boy
flake8==3.8.4
    # via -r requirements_test.in
freezegun==0.3.12
    # via -r requirements_test.in
future==0.18.3
    # via django-json-widget
gitdb==4.0.11
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.41
    # via -r requirements_test.in
html5lib==1.1
    # via xhtml2pdf
idna==3.6
    # via requests
inflection==0.5.1
    # via drf-spectacular
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
iso3166==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
isort==5.12.0
    # via -r requirements_test.in
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsonschema==3.2.0
    # via
    #   directory-components
    #   drf-spectacular
kombu==5.3.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery
lxml==4.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   svglib
markdown2==2.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
markuppy==1.14
    # via tablib
mccabe==0.6.1
    # via flake8
mohawk==1.1.0
    # via sigauth
monotonic==1.6
    # via directory-client-core
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via black
notifications-python-client==9.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
numpy==1.26.3
    # via pandas
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests-oauthlib
odfpy==1.4.1
    # via tablib
olefile==0.47
    # via directory-validators
openpyxl==3.1.2
    # via tablib
oscrypto==1.3.0
    # via pyhanko-certvalidator
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   black
    #   pytest
    #   pytest-sugar
pandas==1.4.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via black
pillow==10.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   directory-validators
    #   reportlab
    #   xhtml2pdf
platformdirs==4.2.0
    # via black
pluggy==1.4.0
    # via pytest
pre-commit-hooks==3.3.0
    # via -r requirements_test.in
prompt-toolkit==3.0.43
    # via click-repl
psycopg2-binary==2.9.9
    # via -r requirements.in
py==1.11.0
    # via pytest
pycodestyle==2.6.0
    # via flake8
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pyflakes==2.2.0
    # via flake8
pyhanko==0.21.0
    # via xhtml2pdf
pyhanko-certvalidator==0.26.3
    # via
    #   pyhanko
    #   xhtml2pdf
pyjwt==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   notifications-python-client
pypdf==3.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   xhtml2pdf
pypng==0.20220715.0
    # via qrcode
pyrsistent==0.20.0
    # via jsonschema
pytest==7.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.in
    #   pytest-codecov
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
    #   pytest-sugar
pytest-codecov==0.5.1
    # via -r requirements_test.in
pytest-cov==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.in
    #   pytest-codecov
pytest-django==3.5.1
    # via -r requirements_test.in
pytest-sugar==0.9.2
    # via -r requirements_test.in
python-bidi==0.4.2
    # via xhtml2pdf
python-crontab==3.0.0
    # via django-celery-beat
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   celery
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
    #   faker
    #   freezegun
    #   pandas
    #   python-crontab
pytz==2023.3
    # via
    #   directory-validators
    #   djangorestframework
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   pyhanko
    #   tablib
qrcode==7.4.2
    # via pyhanko
redis==5.0.1
    # via
    #   celery
    #   django-redis
reportlab==3.6.13
    # via
    #   svglib
    #   xhtml2pdf
requests[security]==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   directory-client-core
    #   notifications-python-client
    #   pyhanko
    #   pyhanko-certvalidator
    #   pytest-codecov
    #   requests
    #   requests-mock
    #   requests-oauthlib
requests-mock==1.6.0
    # via -r requirements_test.in
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via django-staff-sso-client
ruamel-yaml==0.18.5
    # via pre-commit-hooks
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.8
    # via ruamel-yaml
s3transfer==0.6.2
    # via boto3
sentry-sdk==1.29.2
    # via -r requirements.in
sigauth==5.2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   directory-client-core
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
    #   freezegun
    #   html5lib
    #   jsonschema
    #   mohawk
    #   python-bidi
    #   python-dateutil
    #   requests-mock
    #   w3lib
smmap==5.0.1
    # via gitdb
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==1.4.36
    # via -r requirements.in
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django
svglib==1.5.1
    # via xhtml2pdf
tablib[html,ods,xls,xlsx,yaml]==3.5.0
    # via
    #   django-import-export
    #   tablib
termcolor==2.4.0
    # via pytest-sugar
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via
    #   cssselect2
    #   svglib
toml==0.10.2
    # via pre-commit-hooks
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   coverage
    #   pytest
typing-extensions==4.9.0
    # via
    #   asgiref
    #   black
    #   dj-database-url
    #   kombu
    #   pypdf
    #   qrcode
tzdata==2023.4
    # via
    #   celery
    #   django-celery-beat
tzlocal==5.2
    # via pyhanko
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via drf-spectacular
uritools==4.0.2
    # via pyhanko-certvalidator
urllib3==1.26.18
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   botocore
    #   directory-validators
    #   elasticsearch
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
w3lib==1.22.0
    # via directory-client-core
waitress==2.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   cssselect2
    #   html5lib
    #   tinycss2
whitenoise==6.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via deprecated
xhtml2pdf==0.2.11
    # via -r requirements.in
xlrd==2.0.1
    # via tablib
xlwt==1.3.0
    # via tablib
xmltodict==0.12.0
    # via -r requirements.in

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
