#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
amqp==5.1.1
    # via kombu
anyio==4.2.0
    # via azure-core
arabic-reshaper==3.0.0
    # via xhtml2pdf
asgiref==3.7.2
    # via django
asn1crypto==1.5.1
    # via
    #   oscrypto
    #   pyhanko
    #   pyhanko-certvalidator
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via redis
attrs==22.1.0
    # via jsonschema
azure-core==1.29.6
    # via azure-storage-blob
azure-storage-blob==12.19.0
    # via -r requirements.in
bcrypt==4.1.2
    # via paramiko
beautifulsoup4==4.11.1
    # via
    #   directory-components
    #   google
billiard==3.6.4.0
    # via celery
boto3==1.24.96
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   moto
botocore==1.27.96
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   moto
    #   s3transfer
celery[redis]==5.2.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-celery-beat
certifi==2023.7.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   elasticsearch
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
charset-normalizer==2.1.1
    # via requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   pyhanko
click-didyoumean==0.3.0
    # via celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via celery
click-repl==0.2.0
    # via celery
cron-descriptor==1.4.0
    # via django-celery-beat
cryptography==41.0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   moto
    #   paramiko
    #   pyhanko
    #   pyhanko-certvalidator
cssselect2==0.7.0
    # via svglib
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via odfpy
deprecated==1.2.13
    # via -r requirements.in
diff-match-patch==20200713
    # via django-import-export
directory-client-core==7.2.5
    # via
    #   directory-forms-api-client
    #   directory-sso-api-client
directory-components==39.1.3
    # via -r requirements.in
directory-constants==23.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   directory-components
directory-forms-api-client==7.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
directory-healthcheck==3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
directory-sso-api-client==7.2.3
    # via -r requirements.in
directory-validators==9.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
dj-database-url==0.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django==4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   directory-client-core
    #   directory-components
    #   directory-constants
    #   directory-healthcheck
    #   directory-validators
    #   django-celery-beat
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-filter
    #   django-health-check
    #   django-import-export
    #   django-redis
    #   django-staff-sso-client
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   sigauth
django-celery-beat==2.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-cleanup==5.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-cte==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-environ==0.4.5
    # via -r requirements.in
django-extensions==3.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-field-history==0.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-filter==22.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-flat-json-widget==0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-health-check==3.17.0
    # via directory-healthcheck
django-import-export==3.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-json-widget==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-redis==5.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-staff-sso-client==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-timezone-field==5.0
    # via django-celery-beat
djangorestframework==3.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   sigauth
docopt==0.6.2
    # via notifications-python-client
drf-spectacular==0.26.1
    # via -r requirements.in
dropbox==11.36.2
    # via -r requirements.in
elasticsearch==7.13.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
elasticsearch-dsl==7.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via openpyxl
exceptiongroup==1.2.0
    # via anyio
factory-boy==2.12.0
    # via -r requirements.in
faker==15.3.4
    # via factory-boy
future==0.18.3
    # via django-json-widget
google==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
html5lib==1.1
    # via xhtml2pdf
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   requests
inflection==0.5.1
    # via drf-spectacular
iso3166==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
isodate==0.6.1
    # via azure-storage-blob
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via moto
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsonschema==3.2.0
    # via
    #   directory-components
    #   drf-spectacular
kombu==5.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery
lxml==4.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   svglib
markdown2==2.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
markuppy==1.14
    # via tablib
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
mohawk==1.1.0
    # via sigauth
monotonic==1.6
    # via directory-client-core
moto==4.2.13
    # via -r requirements.in
notifications-python-client==6.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
numpy==1.24.0
    # via pandas
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests-oauthlib
odfpy==1.4.1
    # via tablib
olefile==0.46
    # via directory-validators
openpyxl==3.0.10
    # via tablib
oscrypto==1.3.0
    # via pyhanko-certvalidator
pandas==1.4.2
    # via -r requirements.in
paramiko==3.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pillow==10.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   directory-validators
    #   reportlab
    #   xhtml2pdf
ply==3.11
    # via stone
prompt-toolkit==3.0.36
    # via click-repl
psycopg2-binary==2.9.5
    # via -r requirements.in
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pyhanko==0.15.1
    # via xhtml2pdf
pyhanko-certvalidator==0.19.7
    # via
    #   pyhanko
    #   xhtml2pdf
pyjwt==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   notifications-python-client
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via paramiko
pypdf==3.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   xhtml2pdf
pyrsistent==0.19.2
    # via jsonschema
python-bidi==0.4.2
    # via xhtml2pdf
python-crontab==2.6.0
    # via django-celery-beat
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
    #   faker
    #   moto
    #   pandas
    #   python-crontab
pytz==2021.3
    # via
    #   celery
    #   directory-validators
    #   django-timezone-field
    #   djangorestframework
    #   pandas
    #   pyhanko
pytz-deprecation-shim==0.1.0.post0
    # via tzlocal
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   pyhanko
    #   responses
    #   tablib
qrcode==7.3.1
    # via pyhanko
redis==4.4.4
    # via
    #   celery
    #   django-redis
reportlab==3.6.13
    # via
    #   svglib
    #   xhtml2pdf
requests[security]==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   azure-core
    #   directory-client-core
    #   dropbox
    #   moto
    #   notifications-python-client
    #   pyhanko
    #   pyhanko-certvalidator
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   responses
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via django-staff-sso-client
responses==0.24.1
    # via moto
s3transfer==0.6.0
    # via boto3
sentry-sdk==1.29.2
    # via -r requirements.in
sigauth==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   directory-client-core
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   azure-core
    #   click-repl
    #   dropbox
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
    #   html5lib
    #   isodate
    #   jsonschema
    #   mohawk
    #   python-bidi
    #   python-dateutil
    #   stone
    #   w3lib
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.3.2.post1
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==1.4.36
    # via -r requirements.in
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django
stone==3.3.1
    # via dropbox
svglib==1.4.1
    # via xhtml2pdf
tablib[html,ods,xls,xlsx,yaml]==3.4.0
    # via django-import-export
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via
    #   cssselect2
    #   svglib
typing-extensions==4.7.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   asgiref
    #   azure-core
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   pypdf
tzdata==2022.7
    # via
    #   django-celery-beat
    #   pytz-deprecation-shim
tzlocal==4.2
    # via pyhanko
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via drf-spectacular
uritools==4.0.0
    # via pyhanko-certvalidator
urllib3==1.26.18
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   botocore
    #   directory-validators
    #   elasticsearch
    #   requests
    #   responses
    #   sentry-sdk
vine==5.0.0
    # via
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
w3lib==1.22.0
    # via directory-client-core
waitress==2.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   cssselect2
    #   html5lib
    #   tinycss2
werkzeug==3.0.1
    # via moto
whitenoise==6.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
wrapt==1.14.1
    # via deprecated
xhtml2pdf==0.2.11
    # via -r requirements.in
xlrd==2.0.1
    # via tablib
xlwt==1.3.0
    # via tablib
xmltodict==0.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   moto

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
